Added a security notice to buildworker.rst (#568)
python/devguide: buildworker.rst

which privilege matters.  There was no final consensus, but the information is
useful as a point of reference.

> Third-party buildbots are only used for testing fixes. None of those buildbots nor the system that they run on are utilised to produce any CPython release materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third-party buildbots are only used for testing purposes. None of the buildbots nor the system that they run on are utilised to produce any release materials.
```
